This presentation (the “Presentation”) does not constitute or form part of an offer to sell, purchase, exchange, or transfer any securities or a solicitation of any such offer.

This Presentation contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business, financial performance, and results of 2ShowU LLC and its subsidiaries or affiliates (the “Company”) and/or the industry in which it operates.  Forward-looking statements concern future circumstances and results and other statements that are not historical facts, sometimes identified by the words “believes,” “expects,” “predicts,” “intends,” “projects,” “plans,” “estimates,” “aims,” “foresees,” “anticipates,” “targets,” and similar expressions.  The forward looking-statements contained in this Presentation, including assumptions, opinions, and views of the Company or cited from third party sources are solely opinions and forecasts which are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause actual events to differ materially from any anticipated development.  None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, affiliates, or any officers, employees, or managers provides any assurance that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor do any of them accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the opinions expressed in this Presentation or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments.  The Company assumes no obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statements or to conform these forward-looking statements to our actual results.

No representation or warranty (express or implied) is made as to, and no reliance should be placed on, any information, including projections, estimates, targets, and opinions, contained herein, and no liability whatsoever is accepted as to any errors, omissions, or misstatements contained herein and, accordingly, none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any employee, officer, or manager accepts any liability whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from the use of this Presentation.

This Presentation is strictly confidential.  You agree not to use or to disclose to any person any information contained herein, the fact that you have obtained confidential information concerning the Company, the fact that discussions or negotiations are taking place, or have taken place concerning a possible lending opportunity, node contribution, or any of the terms, conditions, or other facts with respect to any such possible involvement or investment.

An investment, loan or participation in the Company is speculative and involves a high degree of risk, and there is no guarantee that you will realize any gain from any investment.  You could lose the total amount of your investment and/or receive no return on your investment (“ROI”).  No federal or state agency has made any finding or determination regarding the fairness of the lending, node contribution, or investment opportunity to which this Presentation relates, or any recommendation or endorsement thereof.

This Presentation is being furnished solely in reliance upon applicable exemptions from the registration requirements under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  The securities of the Company have not and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act is available.